Add readme section for docker pull (#35)
design-group/ignition-docker: readme.md

If using a windows device, you will want to [Set up WSL](docs/setting-up-wsl.md)

## Getting the Docker Imgage

> If you're looking at the from git, note that the docker image is actually bwdesigngroup/ignition-docker, not design-group/ignition-docker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking at this repository from GitHub, note that the docker image is actually `bwdesigngroup/ignition-docker`, not `design-group/ignition-docker`. 
```

> When pulling the docker image, note that using the copy link from the home page (docker pull bwdesigngroup/ignition-docker) may fail with <i>latest not found: manifest unknown: manifest unknown</i>. Using the links from the tags page, where a version is specified (e.g. docker pull bwdesigngroup/ignition-docker:8.1.22) should resolve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When pulling the docker image, note that using the copy link from the home page (`docker pull bwdesigngroup/ignition-docker`) may fail with _latest not found: manifest unknown: manifest unknown_. Using the links from the tags page, where a version is specified (e.g. `docker pull bwdesigngroup/ignition-docker:8.1.22`) should resolve the issue.
```
